README.md, before:

# HTN Events - Frontend Challenge

A visually polished events web app for Hackathon Global Inc. built with React, TypeScript, and Vite.

## Features

- **Public Events Browsing**: Browse public events without authentication
- **Private Events Access**: Log in to view both public and private events
- **Event Details**: View detailed information about each event including speakers, times, and descriptions
- **Related Events Navigation**: Easily navigate between related events
- **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices
- **Constellation Theme**: Black and white design with subtle constellation background effect

## Tech Stack

- **React 19** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool and dev server
- **React Router** - Client-side routing
- **GraphQL Request** - GraphQL client
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository or download the files

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

### Running the App

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5173` (or another port if 5173 is taken).

### Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

### Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Authentication

The app supports hardcoded login credentials for the challenge:

- **Username**: `hacker`
- **Password**: `htn2026`

When logged in, you'll have access to:
- Private events
- Private event URLs
- All public events

When logged out:
- Only public events are visible
- Private URLs are hidden

## Routes

- `/` - Landing page with scrolling sections
- `/about` - About page
- `/team` - Team page
- `/events` - Events list (main challenge view)
- `/events/:id` - Individual event detail page
- `/sponsors` - Sponsors page
- `/faq` - FAQ page
- `/login` - Login page

## Project Structure

```
app/
├── api/events/            # Server-side API routes (key-hidden)
│   ├── route.ts           # Fetch all events
│   └── [id]/route.ts      # Fetch single event
├── events/                # Events list + detail pages
│   ├── page.tsx
│   └── [id]/page.tsx
├── layout.tsx             # Root layout with AuthProvider
├── page.tsx               # Landing page
├── about/ | faq/ | team/  # Static content pages
├── login/ | sponsors/
└── globals.css            # Global Tailwind styles

components/
├── events/                # Event cards, modals, related events
├── layout/                # App shell, navbar, footer
├── forms/                 # Sponsor + volunteer modals
└── ui/                    # Reusable UI primitives

lib/
├── api/                   # Client-side API helpers
├── auth/                  # Auth context with SSR hydration
├── types/                 # Shared TypeScript types
└── utils/                 # Small reusable utilities

public/                    # Static assets (icons, images)

config/
├── .env.local             # Server-only secrets
├── next.config.js
├── tailwind.config.js
└── tsconfig.json
```

## Data Source

Events are fetched from the given GraphQL endpoint:

- **Query**: `sampleEvents` (for list) and `sampleEvent(id)` (for individual event)

## Design Principles

- **Accessibility**: Keyboard navigable, proper focus states, reduced motion support
- **Performance**: Lightweight constellation effect, optimized rendering
- **Simplicity**: Clean code, minimal abstractions, clear component structure

## License

This project is for the Hack the North 2026 Frontend Challenge.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated tech stack
Updated project description and tech stack details for clarity and accuracy.

README.md, after:

# HTN Events – Frontend Challenge

A visually polished events web application for Hackathon Global Inc., built with React and TypeScript, with a focus on clarity, responsiveness, and maintainable structure.

## Features

- **Public Events Browsing**: Browse public events without authentication  
- **Private Events Access**: Log in to view both public and private events  
- **Event Details**: View detailed information including speakers, times, and descriptions  
- **Related Events Navigation**: Easily navigate between related events  
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices  
- **Constellation Theme**: Black-and-white design with a subtle constellation background effect  

## Tech Stack

- **React** – UI library  
- **TypeScript** – Type safety and developer ergonomics  
- **Next.js (App Router)** – Routing, server-side logic, and environment security  
- **GraphQL Request** – Lightweight GraphQL client  
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first styling  

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository or download the files

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

### Running the App

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:3000` (or another port if 3000 is taken).

### Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

### Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Authentication

The app supports hardcoded login credentials for the challenge:

- **Username**: `hacker`
- **Password**: `htn2026`

When logged in, you'll have access to:
- Private events
- Private event URLs
- All public events

When logged out:
- Only public events are visible
- Private URLs are hidden

## Routes

- `/` - Landing page with scrolling sections
- `/about` - About page
- `/team` - Team page
- `/events` - Events list (main challenge view)
- `/events/:id` - Individual event detail page
- `/sponsors` - Sponsors page
- `/faq` - FAQ page
- `/login` - Login page

## Project Structure

```
app/
├── api/events/            # Server-side API routes (key-hidden)
│   ├── route.ts           # Fetch all events
│   └── [id]/route.ts      # Fetch single event
├── events/                # Events list + detail pages
│   ├── page.tsx
│   └── [id]/page.tsx
├── layout.tsx             # Root layout with AuthProvider
├── page.tsx               # Landing page
├── about/ | faq/ | team/  # Static content pages
├── login/ | sponsors/
└── globals.css            # Global Tailwind styles

components/
├── events/                # Event cards, modals, related events
├── layout/                # App shell, navbar, footer
├── forms/                 # Sponsor + volunteer modals
└── ui/                    # Reusable UI primitives

lib/
├── api/                   # Client-side API helpers
├── auth/                  # Auth context with SSR hydration
├── types/                 # Shared TypeScript types
└── utils/                 # Small reusable utilities

public/                    # Static assets (icons, images)

config/
├── .env.local             # Server-only secrets
├── next.config.js
├── tailwind.config.js
└── tsconfig.json
```

## Data Source

Events are fetched from the given GraphQL endpoint:

- **Query**: `sampleEvents` (for list) and `sampleEvent(id)` (for individual event)

## Design Principles

- **Accessibility**: Keyboard navigable, proper focus states, reduced motion support
- **Performance**: Lightweight constellation effect, optimized rendering
- **Simplicity**: Clean code, minimal abstractions, clear component structure

## License

This project is for the Hack the North 2026 Frontend Challenge.
